---
title: Blog post 7/3/17
layout: post
author: jonnie.kimmins
permalink: /blog-post-7/3/17/
source-id: 1Cu_zJqD4pJ892x6HYNossIR9lCgDM94-S3brxJ0gn8U
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>ore 1-100</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>7/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>some of 1-100</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for today</td>
    <td>to do more 1-100</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> one strategy I found useful was guessing what code was going to come next and working out what would happen next in the code as it meant it further grounded my knowledge and improved my previous knowledge, meaning I understood the code more and the lesson was more interesting.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to get less distracted in lessons and stop trying to distract other people and instead try to get on with the work as it doesn't help anyone at all. It prohibits work from being done and as a result this habit needs to stop. It is really slowing us down. Some errors far back in our work also slowed us down</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson, we had some trouble with code not working as previous lines very far back in the code didn't work, so we had to painstakingly go through every line, reading out every detail, until eventually we found a tiny mistake that held us back really far. I would therefore double-check everything I read out and then correct it straight away.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


