---
title: Blog post 25/01/17
layout: post
author: jonnie.kimmins
permalink: /blog-post-25/01/17/
source-id: 1I9ZTV_E2_zxOf1FZ5A6rC1xIjepR8KiAJWh-i3DTuhU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>FuzeBox 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>25/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>a small amount of knowledge and some code</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn variables on fuzebox</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Slighty</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> I mainly learnt from example from Adam and Sheri who were next to us. They helped us when we had problems and showed us how to do things when the manual didn't help. I also learnt from reading the manual. However, when locating files and the like, I used a method where I just got stressed and started panic looking through the files and folders. It was actually very effective.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>the main thing that limited my learning was a glitch that we spent ages trying to fix on our fuzebox. It kept coming up with an error message when we put in perfect code that worked for everyone else. this kept us from learning for over 15 minutes! Eventually we worked around
the problem and it worked again. I need to work on my stress habit where i encounter a problem and just panic and stress.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I would change my mindset and choice of where to sit. It was very hard being productive in a  crammed corner. I would also change my mindset which was very negative.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


